v0.5.0 (#843)
Worklytics/psoxy: CHANGELOG.md

## Next

## [0.5.0](https://github.com/Worklytics/psoxy/release/tag/v0.5.0)

BREAKING:

>   - min `azuread` provider is generally 2.44; if you're using an older version, you'll need to
>     upgrade (`terraform init --upgrade`); a state refresh (`terraform refresh`) may help if it complains about unknown attributes
>     present in your state
>    - `azuread-local-cert` module variables have changed; you must now pass `application_id` instead
>     of `application_object_id`; these refer to different values you can obtain via the [Microsoft Entra admin center](https://entra.microsoft.com/#home)
>     portal (formally Azure AD portal blade)
>   - variables to `aws-host`/`gcp-host` modules to have changed slightly; if you initially copied an
>     example based on 0.4.x, you may have to update some variable names in your `main.tf`.
>   - min `google` provider is now 5.0; this applies whether you're using GCP-hosted proxy, or merely Google Workspace as a
>     data source
>   - various migrations applicable to 0.4.x have been removed; if upgrading from 0.4.x, make sure you first upgrade to latest version of 0.4.x (eg, 0.4.61), run
>     `terraform apply`, and THEN update to 0.5.x
>   - the v0.3 pseudonymization algorithm is no longer supported; attempting to do so should result in an error
>   - `scope` field will no longer be sent with JSON-encoded pseudonyms.
>   - min java version in now 17; java 11 no longer supported (as it's a deprecated runtime in GCP; and Oracle supported has ended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - minimum `azuread` provider version is generally 2.44; if you're using an older version, you'll need to
    upgrade (`terraform init --upgrade`); a state refresh (`terraform refresh`) may help if it complains about unknown attributes
    present in your state
   - `azuread-local-cert` module variables have changed; you must now pass `application_id` instead
    of `application_object_id`; these refer to different values you can obtain via the [Microsoft Entra admin center](https://entra.microsoft.com/#home)
    portal (formally Azure AD portal blade)
  - variables to `aws-host`/`gcp-host` modules to have changed slightly; if you initially copied an
    example based on 0.4.x, you may have to update some variable names in your `main.tf`.
  - minimum `google` provider version is now 5.0; this applies whether you're using GCP-hosted proxy, or merely Google Workspace as a
    data source
  - various migrations applicable to 0.4.x have been removed; if upgrading from 0.4.x, make sure you first upgrade to latest version of 0.4.x (eg, 0.4.61), run
    `terraform apply`, and THEN update to 0.5.x
  - the v0.3 pseudonymization algorithm is no longer supported; attempting to do so should result in an error
  - `scope` field will no longer be sent with JSON-encoded pseudonyms.
  - minimum java version in now 17; java 11 no longer supported (as it's a deprecated runtime in GCP; and Oracle support has ended)
```
